I knew it
Can I marry you?
It is a blessing that I have cultivated in three lifetimes.
There was an incident
I want to tell you
Anything will do
How old am I?
Not a big deal
It's about the change fee.
Have to discuss again
Isn't the change fee all discussed?
My mom thinks thirty-eight thousand is too ugly
3838 seems to be scolding me
So we have to discuss it again. Okay.
I will listen to you as much as you want.
How about 188,000?
It means that the hair is good.
188,000 is a bit too much
That's more, Yang Min.
I want to marry into your family
I have been married to my mother for over 20 years
Now suddenly let me change my mind
My girlfriends are all two or three hundred thousand
I want you 180,000
That's too much.
No, Minmin, listen to me explain.
Oops no
Minmin, our family wants to marry you
Just bought a house
Decoration and dowry
And planning a wedding
I really can't get any money.
How about a little less?
58,000 I want to send
Doesn't that sound auspicious?
When I wanted to change Moutai to Wuliangye just now
What am I saying?
Oh, co-author, I'll let your family save some money.
You bargain with me, right?
Rice noodles rice noodles
My family is really out of money, no money
Not really.
Don't you still have an ancestral cemetery in your house?
Cemeteries are so expensive these days
It's not a problem to sell 400,000 or 500,000 casually
Oh, Yang Min doesn't want to marry me, does it?
No.
This purpose is passed down by my family.
You can't do that. You can't do that.
It's just to make me feel wronged, isn't it?
My dad died early in this cemetery
Just my mother for so many years
The only wish is
To be buried with him when he dies
So this cemetery can't be sold
Okay, Yao Min, don't regret it.
I'm not getting married either.
Minmin Minmin